Zipkin plugin (#1183)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/zipkin/index.md

same request, the `trace_id` field includes one trace ID format
for each different header format, as in the following example:

```
"trace_id": {
  "b3": "4bf92f3577b34da6a3ce929d0e0e4736",
  "datadog": "11803532876627986230"
},
```

## Reporter

Tracing data is reported to another system using an OpenTracing reporter.
This plugin records tracing data for a given request, and sends it as a batch to a Zipkin server using [the Zipkin v2 API](https://zipkin.io/zipkin-api/#/default/post_spans). Zipkin version 1.31 or later is required.

The [`config.http_endpoint`](/plugins/zipkin/reference/#schema--config-http-endpoint) configuration variable must contain the full URI including scheme, host, port and path sections (for example, your URI likely ends in `/api/v2/spans`).

## Spans

The plugin does *request sampling*. For each request which triggers the plugin, a random number between 0 and 1 is chosen.

If the number is smaller than the configured [`config.sample_ratio`](/plugins/zipkin/reference/#schema--config-sample-ratio), then a trace with several spans will be generated. If `config.sample_ratio` is set to 1, then all requests will generate a trace (this might be very noisy).

> For each request that gets traced, the following spans are produced:
> 
> * **Request span**: 1 per request. Encompasses the whole request in kong (kind: SERVER).
>   The Proxy and Balancer spans are children of this span. It contains the following logs/annotations for the rewrite phase:
> 
>   * `krs`: `kong.rewrite.start`
>   * `krf`: `kong.rewrite.finish`
> 
>   The Request span has the following tags:
> 
>   * `lc`: Hardcoded to `kong`.
>   * `kong.service`: The UUID of the Gateway Service matched when processing the request, if any.
>   * `kong.service_name`: The name of the Gateway Service matched when processing the request, if Gateway Service exists and has a `name` attribute.
>   * `kong.route`: The UUID of the Route matched when processing the request, if any (it can be nil on non-matched requests).
>   * `kong.route_name`: The name of the Route matched when processing the request, if Route exists and has a `name` attribute.
>   * `http.method`: The HTTP method used on the original request (only for HTTP requests).
>   * `http.path`: The path of the request (only for HTTP requests).
>   * If the plugin `tags_header` config option is set, and the request contains headers with the appropriate name and correct encoding tags, then the trace will include the tags.
>   * If the plugin `static_tags` config option is set, then the tags in the config option will be included in the trace.
> 
> * **Proxy span**: 1 per request, encompassing most of {{site.base_gateway}}'s internal processing of a request (kind: CLIENT).
>   Contains the following logs/annotations for the start/finish of the of the [{{site.base_gateway}} plugin phases](/gateway/entities/plugin/#plugin-contexts):
>   * `kas`: `kong.access.start`
>   * `kaf`: `kong.access.finish`
>   * `kbs`: `kong.body_filter.start`
>   * `kbf`: `kong.body_filter.finish`
>   * `khs`: `kong.header_filter.start`
>   * `khf`: `kong.header_filter.finish`
>   * `kps`: `kong.preread.start` (only for stream requests)
>   * `kpf`: `kong.preread.finish` (only for stream requests)
> 
> * **Balancer span(s)**: 0 or more per request, each encompassing one balancer attempt (kind: CLIENT).
> Contains the following tags specific to load balancing:
>   * `kong.balancer.try`: A number indicating the attempt (1 for the first load-balancing attempt, 2 for the second, and so on)
>   * `peer.ipv4` or `peer.ipv6` for the balancer IP
>   * `peer.port` for the balanced port
>   * `error`: Set to `true` if the balancing attempt was unsuccessful, otherwise unset.
>   * `http.status_code`: The HTTP status code received, in case of error
>   * `kong.balancer.state`: An NGINX-specific description of the error, `next/failed` for HTTP failures, or `0` for stream failures
>      Equivalent to `state_name` in OpenResty's balancer's `get_last_failure` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each request that gets traced, the following spans are produced: request, proxy, and balancer.

### Request span

_Span kind: SERVER_

There is 1 request span per request, which encompasses the whole request in {{site.base_gateway}}.

The [proxy](#proxy-span) and [balancer](#balancer-span) spans are children of this span. It contains the following logs/annotations for the rewrite phase:

* `krs`: `kong.rewrite.start`
* `krf`: `kong.rewrite.finish`

The request span has the following tags:

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Tag
    key: tag
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - tag: "`lc`"
    description: |
      Hardcoded to `kong`.
  - tag: "`kong.service`" 
    description: |
      The UUID of the Gateway Service matched when processing the request, if any.
  - tag: "`kong.service_name`"
    description: |
      The name of the Gateway Service matched when processing the request, if Gateway Service exists and has a `name` attribute.
  - tag: "`kong.route`"
    description: |
      The UUID of the Route matched when processing the request, if any (it can be nil on non-matched requests).
  - tag: "`kong.route_name`"
    description: |
      The name of the Route matched when processing the request, if Route exists and has a `name` attribute.
  - tag: "`http.method`"
    description: |
      The HTTP method used on the original request (only for HTTP requests).
  - tag: "`http.path`"
    description: |
      The path of the request (only for HTTP requests).
{% endtable %}
<!--vale on -->

Additional tags: 
* If the plugin `tags_header` config option is set, and the request contains headers with the appropriate name and correct encoding tags, then the trace will include the tags.
* If the plugin `static_tags` config option is set, then the tags in the config option will be included in the trace.

### Proxy span

_Span kind: CLIENT_

There is 1 proxy span per request, encompassing most of {{site.base_gateway}}'s internal processing of a request.

The proxy span contains the following logs/annotations for the start/finish of the of the [{{site.base_gateway}} plugin phases](/gateway/entities/plugin/#plugin-contexts):

{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Tag
    key: tag
  - title: Phase
    key: phase
rows:
  - tag: "`kas`"
    phase: "`kong.access.start`"
  - tag: "`kaf`"
    phase: "`kong.access.finish`"
  - tag: "`kbs`"
    phase: "`kong.body_filter.start`"
  - tag: "`kbf`"
    phase: "`kong.body_filter.finish`"
  - tag: "`khs`"
    phase: "`kong.header_filter.start`"
  - tag: "`khf`"
    phase: "`kong.header_filter.finish`"
  - tag: "`kps`"
    phase: "`kong.preread.start` (only for stream requests)"
  - tag: "`kpf`"
    phase: "`kong.preread.finish` (only for stream requests)"
{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->

### Balancer span

_Span kind: CLIENT_

There are 0 or more balancer spans per request, each encompassing one balancer attempt.
This span contains the following tags specific to load balancing:

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Tag
    key: tag
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - tag: "`kong.balancer.try`"
    description: |
      A number indicating the attempt (1 for the first load-balancing attempt, 2 for the second, and so on).
  - tag: "`peer.ipv4` or `peer.ipv6`"
    description: The balancer IP.
  - tag: "`peer.port`"
    description: The balancer port.
  - tag: "`error`"
    description: |
      Set to `true` if the balancing attempt was unsuccessful, otherwise unset.
  - tag: "`http.status_code`"
    description: The HTTP status code received, in case of error.
  - tag: "`kong.balancer.state`"
    description: |
      An NGINX-specific description of the error, `next/failed` for HTTP failures, or `0` for stream failures.
      Equivalent to `state_name` in OpenResty's balancer's `get_last_failure` function.
{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->
```
I find it much easier to read this info in tables. Please double check my indents and etc - it should be fine though, I dumped it into a local build to check.
